At about noon on Wednesday, Charlie
Kirk, the conservative organizer,
activist, and media mogul, takes the
stage for the latest stop on what he's
been calling the American Comeback Tour.
>> It's a series of talks that he's holding
at colleges across the country. This
stop was at Utah Valley University. It's
about 30 minutes south of Salt Lake
City.
>> That's a lot of people. Utah.
>> As the event gets underway, Kirk starts
to work the audience of about 3,000
people.
>> Bring the best libs that Utah has to
offer.
>> He starts tossing Trump themed hats into
the crowd.
Then he settles into a chair underneath
a tent where he prepares to field
questions in a debate format that Kirk
likes to call prove me wrong. A few
minutes into this, Kirk is asked the
kind of question that he relishes by a
liberal sounding person in the audience.
>> Great. Uh, so do you know how many
transgender Americans have been mass
shooters over the last 10 years?
>> Too many.
This person follows up trying to
establish just how rare it is for a
trans person to carry out a mass
shooting.
>> Do you know how many mass shooters there
have been in America over the last 10
years?
>> Kirk responds with a follow-up question
of his own.
>> Announcing or not counting gang
violence?
>> Great.
>> When suddenly a single shot rings out.
What happens next is captured by cell
phone cameras from seemingly every
angle. Kirk slumps over. Blood begins to
pour out of his neck. He falls out of
the chair. It is clear that he is
gravely wounded.
People in the crowd start to scream and
then they start to run.
Meanwhile, Kirk is rushed to a car, then
taken to a nearby hospital where a short
time later, he's declared dead.
>> There are news outlets reporting the
worst right now, Glenn. Um,
>> the moment that the news becomes
official,
>> there is an outpouring of grief from the
country's most prominent conservatives.
>> They're reporting that Charlie has died.
[Applause]
that he's dead
at the age of 31.
>> Megan Kelly weeps on air.
>> So does Glen Bach.
>> There's no way he survived that.
The only good thing is it had to have
happened quickly.
>> And over at Fox News, the anchors
observe a moment of silence for Kirk in
the middle of their broadcast.
>> Charlie, we love you.
I don't really know where you go from
here.
I don't know where we go from here in a
news program and I don't know where we
go from here in America.
From the New York Times, I'm Michael
Barbaro. This is the Daily.
today.
The story of how Charlie Kirk built a
conservative empire that brought
millions of young Americans into the
Republican party and to the ballot box
for Donald Trump.
I speak to my colleague Robert Draper
about Kirk's improbable rise to power,
his stunning assassination,
and his controversial legacy.
It's Thursday, September 11th.
Robert, thank you for making time for us
on a difficult evening.
>> Sure thing, Michael.
>> Can you just describe how it is you
learned that Charlie Kirk had died?
>> Yes. I uh was about to go into a lengthy
interview at about 3:00 when I saw a
report that Kirk had been shot. I
contacted clerk's communications
director Andrew Kulit who confirmed to
me that he had been shot and shot in the
neck but that he didn't have any other
details. Kulit wasn't with him that day.
>> So my phone had kind of blown up and my
editor had contacted me to to let me
know that Kirk had apparently died but
she would like confirmation and could I
get it. So I reached out to Andrew Kulit
again and uh he did pick up and and in
an extremely emotional voice confirmed
that uh
>> Charlie Kirk who worked with for years
and who was like a brother to him uh had
died of an assassin's bullet. And after
sort of working through my astonishment,
it occurred to me, Michael, that Charlie
Kirk was in a sense killed in the line
of duty or at least duty as he to find
it.
>> Explain explain that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he was he was on a
campus. He was at um Utah Valley uh
University campus speaking to young
people, which happened to be the mission
statement of the organization that he
co-founded, Turning Point USA. I think
that after Trump himself, no one was
more responsible for the Republicans
winning over young voters to the extent
that they did in 2024 than Kirk and his
group. The thing about Kirk is that he
became a media personality, a close
adviser to the Trump family, right, to
the president himself, but at bottom, he
was still a youth organizer. And so
there he was. You know, it's uh well
after Trump's last election, uh showing
up doing the thing that he was famous
for. Well, tell us the story, Robert, of
how it is that Kirk came to this work of
essentially evangelizing for the
Republican party, for Donald Trump in
particular, among young people, and how
he became so successful at it. And here,
I just want to explain why we're turning
to you for this conversation.
You closely cover the conservative
movement in the United States for the
Times and you spent weeks traveling with
Kirk, best I can tell, speaking to
everyone who knows him and interacts
with him to try to piece together that
very story for us. And so I wonder if
you can tell it here how it is that
Charlie Kirk became Charlie Kirk.
>> Yes. I mean, we'll start with two facts.
One is that he grew up in a wealthy
Chicago suburb, Prospect Heights, a
member of a conservative family, and so
was a conservative kid himself. And we
should mentioned that Kirk died at the
age of 31. So we're talking about during
his teenage years, he grew up during the
Obama era and all of his classmates were
big fans of Obamas, right? And Kirk
could see why they were. He could see
why Obama was cool, why Obama had
appeal, and why correspondingly the
Republican party had its work cut out
for him because they were seen as
somewhat fossilized. You know, no one
could describe Mitt Romney as cool and
the fiscal conservatism arguments as
being sort of cutting edge and appealing
to younger folks. So, this is what, you
know, Kirk began to see. And he was a
political nerd. He wasn't just that. He
he was a basketball player on his high
school team. But he loved Rush Limbbo
and he would during lunch hours go
sequester himself and listen to Limbbo
by himself. And I think he not only
became enraptured by Limba's arguments
but by the sort of cult of celebrity
that Limba had established as you know
this outrageous voice who would lampoon
the left at every turn. This to Kirk
seemed cool if there was just some way
to convince younger people of it. Right.
Because of course Rush Limba was owning
the libs before owning the libs was even
a thing.
>> Absolutely. Yeah. Going back to the
1980s. And so there was something very
appealing about Limba to Charlie Kirk.
Kirk is graduating from high school
thinking of going to college but not
quite sure where to go and exactly what
he wants to make of himself. He's bitten
by the politics bug and he loves what
Limba does and he already sees in his
imagination some version of himself as
an heir to Limbbo. But how do you
monetize that? He had no clue. And in
2009 and 2010, and this is now putting
this in time, the Tea Party was underway
having events all over Illinois. And
Kirk starts showing up to him as this
articulate young voice. And these older
people in the audience, Tea Party
activists, particularly this guy named
Bill Montgomery,
>> saw Charlie Kirk and thought, Charlie,
you can go places. He not only
encouraged Kirk to continue to speak at
these events, but to forego a college
education. Essentially, he was saying,
you know, you can do a lot more for the
movement and frankly for your own career
as a public speaker than you can by
being just another dude who goes and
gets a college degree. So, this began to
gather locomotion and it was along with
Bill Montgomery that he established
Turning Point USA. Not entirely sure
what it would be.
>> I just want to thank you for being here
today. Um, I'm a son of the American
Revolution and my sister's a daughter of
the American Revolution. U
>> he only knew that this was something he
loved that he was getting attention for
doing it and that he was filling a void.
>> Every single person that believes in
fiscal responsibility, limited
government and not spending more money
than you take in gets one person that
did not vote last time vote in this
election. We win by land. that there
weren't young people around going on
college and for that matter high school
campuses trying to proitize young
people.
>> That that takes you going out in the
public square and challenge the ideals
not being afraid of debate like what
we're doing going into the colleges
debating the professors debating the
students on the same ideals that are
>> and what time period are we talking
about here? We're talking about 2014,
2015. But then, crucially, the Trump
candidacy begins. And Kirk, like so many
Republicans, was a little unsure about
Trump, was more inclined to support Ted
Cruz. But by March or April of 2016,
when when Trump was making sport of the
Republican field, Kirk began, you know,
to realize, no, no, this is the guy
who's got it. and Kirk endeavored to
insinuate himself into that network.
Kirk gets on the Trump family's radar
through a succession of events that
causes him to be introduced to Donald
Trump Jr., the president's eldest son.
>> And just a few minutes into it, Don Jr.
said, "You know, look, I could use
someone like you." And in a matter of
minutes, Charlie Kirk was the assistant
to the eldest son of candidate Trump,
taking over Don Jr.'s social media
account as well as his schedule. So
exponentially, he became suddenly
central to the activities of what would
prove to be the winning Republican
campaign. M and once Kirk has the Trump
family's backing and of course at this
point Trump is now President Trump, what
happens to Kirk's little project of
trying to win over the young people of
America and bring them to the Republican
side? As I recall, Trump's victory sets
off alarm in a lot of quarters of
American university.
>> Sure. It's I mean in the years of 2016,
2017, I think even early 2018, Turning
Point USA was becoming the dominant
organization amongst conservative youth
groups. But to be honest, that's not
saying much. Young Americans for
Freedom, Young Americans for Liberty,
these kinds of groups were sort of these
William F. Buckley bow tied things and
and uh they were kind of easy to knock
off. Perk's group would open these
chapters and and you know, it's a fairly
slipshot effect. I mean, there'd be, you
know, a few people on this campus, a few
on another, and it was kind of hard to
tell what they were doing, and were they
really like registering people to vote
where they they certainly didn't seem to
be moving the needle turnout wise. That
change only began to occur when Kirk
came to know the president himself.
December of 2017, Don Jr. invited Kirk
to Mara Lago. Trump saw Kirk, had been
hearing about Kirk, had been retweeting
Kirk's denunciations of the left,
motioned him to come over,
>> and through that conversation came to
charm Trump as he had so many other
older conservatives.
>> I'm excited to be here today with
thousands of proud young American
patriots. You're great people. You're
great people. You're the future. You're
the future.
And in turn, and
>> thank you to everyone at Turning Point
USA's Teen Student Action Summit. What a
group.
>> What a group.
>> That meant that Trump was a reliable
keynote speaker at Turning Point USA.
>> I want to thank my great friend, and
he's a young friend. He's a pretty young
guy, Charlie Kirk. I said, "How old are
you, Charlie?"
>> He's a young one. He gave me a number I
won't say, but he's a he's younger than
he even looks.
>> Which really marks this signal moment
after which Turning Point USA's events
became the events amongst not just young
conservatives, but really all
conservatives. But I'm thrilled to be
here tonight with thousands of proud,
patriotic young Americans at Turning
Point USA Student Action Summit.
Incredible the job that Charlie's done.
He's the marquee guy. And Trump loved
being in front of young people. So it's
at that point that these Turning Point
USA events really became almost over the
top with theatrics.
>> Like what?
strobes and smoke and crazy lights
everywhere and and deafening soundtracks
and and montages of Trump looking like a
prize fighter. They really became like
rock concerts
>> in a way that would make say CPAC look
very stale.
>> Turning Point USA, how you doing? Are
you good? And what's Kirk's message at
these events? And and how is he seeking
to hit accord with this specific
demographic, especially college
students?
>> Well, I'd say on the one hand that
Kirk's message was mostly
indistinguishable from that of Trump.
>> GDP growth, lowest ever black
unemployment, lowest ever Latino
unemployment, lowest ever women
unemployment. And yet the left is doing
everything they can to remove this
president. Why?
because they don't just hate him, they
hate you.
>> He's just in the way.
>> But again, in his ongoing quest to find
a way to make conservatism cool for
younger people, what Kirk seized upon
was the growing resistance on the left
and the ways in which that resistance
was seeming, at least to some people,
excessive. And look, young people on
college campuses, you know, they they
think they're fighting the
establishment. Hold on a second. Your
professors are liberal. Your parents are
probably liberal. Your friends are
liberal. The music you listen to is
liberal. Hollywood is liberal. All the
movies you watch are liberal. Who are
you rebelling against? Exactly. Right. I
mean, if you want to be a rebel on a
college campus, fight for freedom. Fight
for free speech. Certainly Trump, you'll
recall going all the way back to his
beginning of his candidacy in 2015,
would talk about political correctness
and the idea that you can't speak what's
on your mind and the idea that you might
get cancelled. The resistance in the
ways in which it could be lampuned as
being just completely beyond the pale
was something that Kirk was very a droid
at doing.
>> Really quick, Evergreen State College in
Oregon. Some of the students petitioned
their professors to have their feelings
factored into their grades at the end of
semester. At the Clemson University,
they had a lecture by one of the
diversity officers that requiring
students to be on time could be cultural
uh culturally offensive because certain
cultures don't look at time the same way
as others. You look at some of these
outrageous moments that political
correctness is used to honestly stifle
speech and also
>> and something that Trump himself loved
doing. And so, you know, in in Trump's
being outrageous, he's also basically
saying, "Look, for me, telling you like
it is is a safe space where the left
will do everything in its power to
squaltch your desire to speak your mind,
say whatever you know you want to say
without fear of being censored."
>> For a minute here, one of the other
things that you've done so successfully
during your campaign and presidency is
crush political correctness. and what
the college network that uh we
represent. I represent an organization
on,200 college and high school campuses
is it's harder than ever to espouse
support of your presidency and the ideas
that you're fighting for. So, thank you
for what you're doing to help give us
the courage of our convictions to fight
against political correctness. But
>> in that sense, Kirk was sort of, you
know, an early avatar of the
anti-wokeness that became so popular
amongst conservatives later.
>> It's a great question. And I think the
numbers are actually much different than
people think. I think we have a lot of
support,
>> right? And if there was a place that at
times could be accurately described as
woke, it was probably going to be
certain college campuses during this
period.
>> Certain college campuses where
professors were denouncing Trump, but
also denouncing particular conservative
schools of thought were saying that
certain people should not be allowed to
speak on that campus. And these kinds of
things, I think, rubbed some students,
not all, but certainly some, the wrong
way, seemed discordant with the notion
of coming to campus and being able to
associate with whomever you want and say
whatever you want. Trump and
particularly Kirk begin to play to those
sentiments. The pitch becomes be a
conservative because that will allow you
to speak your mind, to truly be free,
and to buck this oppressive system of
liberalism all around you on college
campuses. And it seems worth saying that
the left at one point on college
campuses was the counterculture, but
around this time it's pretty clear that
it's just the culture in many of these
campuses. And it feels like what's
innovative about Kirk's pitches is that
at this moment conservatism can become
the counterculture.
>> Yes. Because Kirk's argument is that it
is the left that is suppressing
disscent. They were as you say really
the owners of the culture and thus the
oppressors of any kind of
countercultural notion. So it's during
this period that Turning Point USA
experiences tremendous growth with
hundreds of chapters across US campuses
and Kirk has begun to build a viable
very wellunded network that includes a
strong media presence with his own
podcast and a website that's turning out
news stories. But the real test of what
to do with all this, where this power
can have its real effect, is actually
after President Trump loses in 2020 and
seeks to come back to political office.
>> And Charlie Kirk, who remains by Trump's
side after many Republicans abandon him
after January the 6th, plays an
instrumental role in that. And his own
influence really skyrockets during that
period.
[Music]
We'll be right back.
Robert, once President Trump loses in
2020 and ends up in the political
wilderness at a time when I think many
of us did not conceive of a path back to
the presidency. Kirk is by your account
ascendant. So what happens in this
partnership?
>> Well, for one thing, Kirk never left
Trump.
What is going on with all the ballot
fraud, the voter fraud, voter
registration fraud, the irregularities?
>> It's worth recalling that was really at
the forefront of 2020 election
denialism.
>> I have a new term I want to I want to
introduce into the zeitgeist.
>> It's called ballot laundering.
was going to campuses and speaking at
other events saying that the election
had been stolen from Trump.
>> In Pennsylvania, there was a 1,776%
increase in voter registration for 90
plus year olds in Pennsylvania.
>> And that was his story and he was
sticking to it just as Trump was.
>> So if I were the Democrats, we have to
kind of put our hat on right now and
say, what would I do if I were them to
cheat? But Perk is doing this on his
podcast to an increasingly large
audience and sounding very much like the
Rush Limbaugh that he always saw himself
as being and and I have to say when you
think about Burke, we haven't
established this yet, but really is an
ardent Christian, but his inner
Christian often, at least it seemed to
me, was in conflict with his inner
>> Limbar interacting with trans people.
Like they're normal people. They just
want to exist. They don't want
>> No, no, trans people are not normal
people. That's not correct.
>> I think that's so disrespectful.
>> No, it's not disrespectful.
>> And the way that Kirk would harmonize
those two seemingly conflicting forces
would be to posit the left as this
godless force within American politics
to demonize the left. In effect,
>> you're you're obviously very anti-trans.
>> I'm pro reality.
>> You must be a Nazi mother.
>> Let's elevate our discussion above
personal insults.
Let's try to
You see, the left can't debate, so they
just call names. The left can't have a
dialogue, so they just have call names.
>> And so Kirk, through just the sheer
volume of his condemnations of the left,
began to take on added prominence in his
own right, but particularly as this unfl
flagging defender of the former
president in exile.
My sense, Robert, is that at this point
Kirk is something pretty unique in the
American political system. He's a
celebrity political warrior, saying
outrageous things. I mean, I can
remember a tirade he went on against
Martin Luther King of all people and
called him a bad guy. He said that the
Civil Rights Act of 1964 was a mistake.
He is saying some truly in many people's
minds
contemptable things.
And yet that media empire sits astride a
get out the vote political operation
that itself is on a scale that's pretty
much unrivaled. And so suddenly you have
in this still very young person somebody
who has built a media and political
mobilization operation all housed in one
place Turning Point USA
that is sitting next to the president of
the United States with his blessing and
support. And so that's just a tremendous
amount of power and influence and
suddenly it's going to face this huge
test in 2024.
>> Yes. And and we should establish too
that those two pieces of his apparatus,
the sort of outrageousness of what he's
saying and his political organization
are by no means in conflict, but instead
are both testaments to Kirk's savvy when
it came to building influence in the
attention economy. So, I mean, as Kirk's
celebrity grew, as his power as a
conservative influencer uh began to
augment itself, he was also applying it
to the desire of getting Trump elected
by establishing a true get out the vote
operation in swing states. And he
convinced his donors to donate really
millions and millions of dollars uh to
this end. It was fairly audacious of
him. But again, Kirk had by this point
had the total faith of President Trump
and of Trump's family and of Trump's
most loyal donor base. And if Charlie
Kirk said, "This is what we need to do
to win," these people fell in lock step
with him. And so he really began in 2024
in a way that he had not earlier to try
to chase ballots and uh find unlikely
voters and turn them out in key states
like Wisconsin and Arizona. And one
testament to Kirk's efforts came from
Trump himself who uh said privately to
Kirk that you are one of the three or
four people who are most responsible for
me winning this election.
>> Wow. That's a stunning statement.
>> Yeah. Kirk actually asked me not to use
that statement in the story, but I think
it's okay to say it now. And and once
Trump wins that second term, what we all
began to notice, and this was really
when Kirk came on my radar, is that he
is suddenly operating with the authority
of someone who's basically in the West
Wing as an enforcer of what Trumpism
means in this second presidency.
>> You're absolutely right. He became the
quintessential Trump operator. He now
had won the complete trust of President
Trump and intended to use that and Kirk
was often in the room when senior staff
suggestions were bandied about during
the transition, but also to look at the
political landscape and particularly
focus on Republicans with the intent of
making the party completely quiescent to
whatever this new president wanted. And
that meant at times focusing on senators
who had been less than enthusiastic in
their support of Trump, such as the Iowa
Senator Joanie Ernst, and basically
threatening to primary them if they
didn't confirm Trump's nominees and
weren't completely brought to heal.
Joanie Ernst, for her part, was hesitant
to confirm the Secretary of Defense
nominee Pete Hgse,
>> right? in part on the grounds that Hseth
had, according to allegations, been
abusive to women and and Ernst herself
was a sexual assault survivor. But after
the very public campaign to pressure
her, led by Kirk, she buckled and she
confirmed Hexith. And what Kirk told me
in real time, Michael, was that this was
not just an effort limited to changing
the behavior of Senator Ernst, but in
fact to change the behavior of the
entire Republican party and make them
understand, you know, this president has
been elected by an unassalable majority
and his agenda is what you guys are
going to vote for and if you don't vote
for it, you're going to suffer,
>> right? And it clearly worked because
congressional acquiescence is the story
of Congress's relationship with
President Trump. And so this is the apex
of Charlie Kirk's power at this point.
He's not just winning over young
conservatives. He is in a sense calling
the shots of who gets to stay in the
United States Congress. and he's helping
make sure that a wide range of policies
do not face any meaningful opposition
from lawmakers.
>> That's right.
>> I think for all the reasons you're
describing here, it almost goes without
saying that Kirk's murder on Wednesday
leaves a huge void. I mean, the party
has arguably lost its most potent
connection to young voters and the
greatest practitioner of attracting them
to the party, coming out and voting. And
I wonder who fills that void and if it's
even fillable.
>> I think it's no understatement, Michael,
to say that there's no person who can
replace Kirk. Whatever one thinks of
Kirk's views, it's pretty
unchallengeable that he was singularly
gifted at the art of speaking with
fluency and a total conviction about the
virtues of conservatism as practiced by
Donald Trump. He possessed these
ortorical gifts. He possessed a real
organizational savvy and he possessed
this remarkable ability to woo and
galvanize donors. People like that don't
grow on trees. I really don't know what
Turning Point USA does without Charlie
Kirk. Because of Kirk's centrality to
the Trump world and really to the future
of maism, it seems hard to imagine that
this is not going to be treated as an
act of political violence and the latest
in a string of them over the past few
years directed at leaders of both
political parties. There's the effort to
kidnap Gretchen Whitmer. There's the
effort to kidnap Nancy Pelosi. There was
the attempted assassination of Donald
Trump. The list goes on and on. And each
time people come to the conclusion that
their party is being targeted because of
who Kirk is,
it seems hard to imagine that this is
not going to be seen as an attack,
correct me if I'm wrong, on Trump. On
Trumpism. Now, we have to acknowledge at
this hour 8:15 p.m. on Wednesday, we
don't know anything about the motivation
of who did this. We don't even have a
suspect in custody. that could change,
but right now we don't. But knowing what
you know about this movement, is this
going to be seen as a kind of proxy
attack against the president?
>> I wish I could disagree with you,
Michael. I really do. No, I I it will
without question be viewed as an act of
political violence against not just uh a
leading voice of Trumpism, but uh
Trumpism itself. the reaction will be
very much of a piece with the reaction
uh following the attempted assassination
of candidate Trump um in 2024. Already
you see this language cropping up on
social media. You're seeing the third
person plural. They they did this to
Charlie Kirk, right? Which is what we
saw so often, you know, after the Butler
Pennsylvania assassination attempt on
Trump. So yeah, I I I find it very
difficult to imagine that this will in
any way quell the sort of political
passions and and division that often
arises from these acts of violence. No,
I think it's going to intensify them.
>> How are you processing all of this
yourself as someone who has spent so
much time with Charlie Kirk? Not just
the movement, but the man.
>> Yeah, I've spent a lot of time with
Kirk. We remained in frequent touch. We
had dinner in Washington a month or two
ago. I noticed that he had security with
him and he told me that he had been
receiving death threats, but he seemed,
you know, to just act like that was that
came with a territory.
I I found Kirk to be a very remarkable
young man and for me, you know, as a
reporter, someone who really was useful
in shedding insights on Trump, on
Trumpism, on the future of the
Republican party. and I've, you know,
came to know his wife, Erica, and I
really grieve for her at this moment. I
mean, it's a uh his two young children.
It's it's a terrible thing that's
happened.
>> And uh Kirk and I actually were texting
yesterday. There's a magazine project
that I'm undertaking and I wanted to
come visit with him and talk to him
about it. He wrote back and said,
"Please come anytime. Let's fix a date."
I even proposed to Kirk a specific date.
That was the last text I sent him. I
didn't hear back and um obviously I
won't hear back.
[Music]
>> Robert, thank you. We very much
appreciate it.
>> You're welcome.
>> In Utah on Wednesday night, police said
that they were still searching for Kirk
Shooter. To my great fellow Americans, I
am filled with grief and anger at the
heinous assassination of Charlie Kirk on
a college campus in Utah.
>> And in Washington, President Trump
released a tribute to Kirk from the Oval
Office.
>> His mission was to bring young people
into the political process, which he did
better than anybody ever. in which
without evidence Trump blamed the rise
of political violence, including the
attempt on his own life last year,
exclusively on the political left and
promised to use his power to pursue the
liberal individuals and groups who he
said have encouraged such violence. For
years, those on the radical left have
compared wonderful Americans like
Charlie to Nazis and the world's worst
mass murderers and criminals. This kind
of rhetoric is directly responsible for
the terrorism that we're seeing in our
country today, and it must stop right
now.
We'll be right back. Here's
what else you need to know today.
>> This morning, I introduced a very simple
amendment that directs the attorney
general to release the Epstein files.
>> In a surprise maneuver on Wednesday, the
Democratic leader of the Senate, Chuck
Schumer, tried to force a vote on
releasing all of the government's files
on Jeffrey Epstein. I asked my
Republican colleagues, after all those
years you spent calling for
accountability, for transparency,
for getting to the bottom of these awful
crimes, why won't you vote yes?
>> But Senate Republicans blocked the vote
with their leader, Senator John Thun,
calling Schumer's effort a political
stunt.
[Music]
Today's episode was produced by Diana
Wyn, OliviaNat, Anna Foley, Austa
Chadved, and Michael Simon Johnson. It
was edited by Devin Taylor and Rachel
Quester, fact checked by Susan Lee, and
was engineered by Alyssa Moxley.
Special thanks to Kellen Browning.
[Music]
That's it for the daily. I'm Michael.
See you tomorrow.
[Music]